loosening up my shoulders and chest hey
David can you help me out yeah I got you
first step test bring your hands out to
the side thumbs facing back and try and
bring your thumbs together behind you
and I'll help you out we're slightly
behind your shoulder with your hands you
feel that yeah I feel it okay step one I
call these chest pulses we're going to
do this for probably around 30 seconds
of pulses so okay every two one shake
out the shoulders let it relax Second
Step the active stretch body weight dips
emphasizing the bottom range of the
motion elbows pointed back 15 of these
reps nice and slow come on out of it
there you go shake out those shoulders
again oh yeah exercise number three 30
seconds breathe two one come on out of
that stretch spin around three times to
get your nervous system to relax come
this way a little bit right there I'm
going to pull your arms
back yeah I think that works yeah yeah I
you'll see the before and after too yeah
yeah I want to see it thank you stay
flexy